Adds Core Web Vitals guidance to the code splitting post. (#8591)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/reduce-javascript-payloads-with-code-splitting/index.md

the first page of your application is loaded, split your bundle into
multiple pieces and only send what's necessary at the very beginning.

## Why is code splitting beneficial?

Code splitting is a technique that seeks to minimize startup time. When we ship less JavaScript at startup, we can get applications to be [interactive faster](/tti/) by minimizing main thread work during this critical period.

When it comes to [Core Web Vitals](/vitals/), reducing JavaScript payloads downloaded at startup will contribute to better [First Input Delay (FID)](/fid/) and [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](/inp/) times. The reasoning behind this is that, by freeing up the main thread, the application is able to respond to user inputs more quickly by reducing JavaScript parse, compile, and execution-related startup costs.

> Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times in some situations through reducing the [LCP candidate's render delay](/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay).

Author: @tunetheweb, how does this read?

Reviewer: Bit confusing to be honest. I think there are two distinct things:
- General render-delay if main thread is too busy to process LCP image (particularly for SPAs).
- Discovery delay if the LCP depends on client-side code executing.

Author: I push a commit to revise this language a bit. Let me know how it scans.

> Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times in some situations. This can occur when there are resources that are only discoverable when client-side markup is rendered, or when the main thread is too busy to render that markup. These scenarios can affect an [LCP candidate's render delay](/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay).

Reviewer: The first is about discoverability, the second about rendering, but you only link to rendering section.

WDYT about this?

```suggestion
Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times in some situations. This can occur when there are resources that are [delayed in being discovered by the browser](/optimize-lcp/#optimize-when-the-resource-is-discovered) until after client-side markup is completed, or when the main thread is too busy to [render that LCP element](/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay). Both scenarios can delay the LCP time for the page.
```

Author: I think this is much clearer.

> Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times in some situations. This can occur when there are resources that are [delayed in being discovered by the browser](/optimize-lcp/#optimize-when-the-resource-is-discovered) until after client-side markup is completed, or when the main thread is too busy to [render that LCP element](/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay). Both scenarios can delay the LCP time for the page.

Reviewer: Actually two more nits, and then I'll swear I'll leave you alone:

- "may" and "in some situations" are basically the same.
- should be clear the LCP resource is the delay we're concerned about.

```suggestion
Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times. This can occur when the LCP resource is [delayed in being discovered by the browser](/optimize-lcp/#optimize-when-the-resource-is-discovered) until after client-side markup is completed, or when the main thread is too busy to [render that LCP element](/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay). Both scenarios can delay the LCP time for the page.
```

the first page of your application is loaded, split your bundle into
multiple pieces and only send what's necessary at the very beginning.

## Why is code splitting beneficial?

Code splitting is a measure that seeks to minimize startup time. When we ship less JavaScript at startup, we can get applications to be [interactive faster](/tti/) by minimizing main thread work.

When it comes to [Core Web Vitals](/vitals/), reducing JavaScript payloads downloaded at startup will contribute to better [First Input Delay (FID)](/fid/) and [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](/inp/) times. The reasoning behind this is that, by freeing up the main thread, the application is able to respond to user inputs more quickly by reducing JavaScript parse, compile, and execution-related startup costs.

> Depending on your website's architecture&mdash;particularly if your website relies heavily on client-side rendering&mdash;reducing the size of JavaScript payloads responsible for rendering markup may lead to improved [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/) times in some situations.

Reviewer: Reducing scripts can also [impact LCP render time](https://web.dev/optimize-lcp/#2-eliminate-element-render-delay) - as @philipwalton recently discovered!

Not sure how best to fit that in here between your first sentence (that applies to all) and your second, which seems more about late discovered/rendered resources.
